So trying this now, let's try this on
different browsers such as Safari.
Just to show you that not
because I'm using Google,
everything can be Googled,
Google thing look at this,
this is Safari, you can see the UI
is different than on Chrome.
Okay, so it's trying to do what it can,
so use your Google account, I mean,
it's aggressive, right?
Because it's not like you are seeing
I mean, if I go into login,
I still see the normal button, okay?
But anyway, on page load, there is
that dialogue, if you don't like it,
well, we just need to untick
some of these options or
disable some of the options from the div.
Okay, so then it will work only if the
user clicks here, if the user clicks here,
okay, I'm receiving this, so
I can use it in another account.
I can login with for
example, Frontend Masters,
let me see if I remember the password,
by the way.
The auth@gmail I think,
no, I don't remember the password,
look at that, okay, forgot the password?
No, anyway, so, you can see that
everything that happens here,
happens actually, in a new pop-up.
And then when you're done, you go back
here, you go back to the homepage.
Okay, so that's how you do federated
logins, there are more steps involved.
First, you need to typically register,
get a key, get the code, get the URL.
If you're implementing
this manually with OAuth,
it's even more low level, and you also
need to do a lot of stuff on your server.
Because here we're using
a client side library,
it's much simpler, okay?
You have any question so far on this?
Remember these arrows are, so
now you can see that it's syncing me
automatically every time I'm
reloading I have double or login.
It's been logging automatically by
credential management and also by Google.
And I'm getting an error that they should
solve in API 14, so let me go there.
That says that I don't have
the user because it's not the user,
it's data, that's why.
So I had a problem here in logging from
Google, the argument is called data.
But we need to solve that problem because,
hey,
we have here two logins at the same time,
which doesn't make any sense.
So if the user is logging in with Google,
we shouldn't use the same
thing on credential management, of course
I can delete my credential manager.
So I won't have another order log in
right now, only the Google one, okay?
Make sense?
Okay, it seem like there is
an error in the server, so
we have a couple of error
that we need to solve.
Let's read, understand what's
going on our object, okay?
We got JWT that is the code of the string.
Then the string is coming from an object
known as credential that we are sending
from the client and the Google object
has another credential inside and
that's the string that we need to decode.
When we decode that we get a JWT object.
In that object, we have a payload.
In that payload we have all the data,
that's how it works.
By the way, the payload,
it's not actually in Google's response.
Payload is how this
library returns the data.
So the JWT library returns the data in
.payload and then wherever you are seeing.
For example, here I have a problem that
is not payload.AOID, it's JWT.payload.
And the same here, jwt.payload,
those were my bugs at this point.
So with that,
now every time we log in with Google,
we will create a new object in our oath,
JSON database,
and in this case the object
will be different.
So when you are back into your web app,
we may have a problem here that
we should solve the bag that had
to do with auto login because
I needed to get credentials.
So because I deleted the credentials,
I'm not checking what happens when you get
the credential,
if you're getting undefined as a result.
So I'm trying to get the ID and
the password of a credential
that doesn't exist, so
we can solve that error line 64,
so of .JS line 64 here.
So I should check if we
do have credentials,
because if we don't have credentials
I shouldn't be auto-logging
the user because that user
has deleted the credentials.
That's kind of the idea on that error and
now when you refresh because I'm
auto-logging with Google, okay?
You will see your Gmail username
directly here that I didn't
create an account with that
email in my project, okay?
And finally,
if we go to our database of the JSON,
we are going to see our new feather
writer object with the Google identifier.
Okay, make sense?
And to be honest here also you
have other things to consider
about how do you identify your user.
You can identify your user by its email,
and you trust Google that,
that's the user's email, or you can
identify the Google user by its AU ID,
that's internal ID, it's up to you.
So I think that in most situations,
trusting the email address is okay.
Okay, we trust that Google,
if Google is giving me that email
address it shouldn't be false.
Okay, the only situations where this
might be a problem is what happens?
Because we need to remember
that the information
from Google is coming
with a network request.
I can even open the network tab and
see everything that happens here, okay?
So I will see the answer from Google,
okay,
so what happens if I have
a plugin in my browser.
So that is changing the email address,
is faking the email address
coming from Google, or
some weird JavaScript code or is doing
that well as it should do for homework.
Actually, Google has a solution for
that is that you can make an API
call server side to Google to confirm
that, that AU ID belongs to that email.
Make sense?
Just in case some man in
the middle has changed the email.
And then you're trusting an email
that is not the right one.
Before moving on to the next topic,
I think it's important for
us to now disable this
auto login from Google.
And also the ITP support,
at least temporarily.
Because if not, every time,
we are refreshing the page, we are auto
login with Google and that will be
a problem for what we need to do next.
That is trying to understand how to log
in the user in better ways using web
authentication, okay?
So I'm just going to remove that, so then
if you wanna log in with Google it's fine.
By the way, my server is down.
So probably we don't need to show that,
so now if I refresh,
I mean if, I wanna log in,
I need to explicitly say so.
If not, it's still there, okay?
Just by changing those true with
false in the d, make sense?
In fact, if you don't like that dialogue,
you can also take that dialogue out and
just keep only the button.